Add examples to illustrate use of fill_include/exclude_names (#10050)
astropy/astropy: docs/io/ascii/index.rst

..
  EXAMPLE END

> Miscellaneous Examples

Reviewer: This should be a subsection of https://astropy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/io/ascii/read.html#bad-or-missing-values and should be titled `Selecting columns for masking`.

Author: Sure, have moved the changes to the [io/ascii/read.html#bad-or-missing-values](https://astropy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/io/ascii/read.html#bad-or-missing-values) section instead.

----------------------
Some points of interests pertaining to masking are the ``fill_include_names``
and ``fill_exclude_names`` parameters of the :class:`~astropy.io.ascii.BaseData` class.
The original intention for the usage of these parameters are in the ``masks``
method of the same :class:`~astropy.io.ascii.BaseData` class. In the first step of the
``masks`` method, the mask is evaluated with values from ``fill_values`` as applied
to which column using ``fill_include_names`` and ``fill_exclude_names``.
In the second step, all the replacements of values are done for the appropriate columns.
As standalone tools, they can be used to serve in isolating columns that are of interests
while not deleting them outright. We can use the ``fill_include_names`` parameter in include

> only columns with names as indicated. On the contrary but highly similarly, we can use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
only columns with names as indicated. Similarly, we can use
```

> the ``fill_exclude_names`` parameter to exclude the columns with the names as indicated.

Reviewer: This whole section is a bit too detailed and hard to follow.  I'd suggest just boiling it down to this:
```
The |read| function provides parameters ``fill_include_names`` and ``fill_exclude_names``
to select which columns will be used in the ``fill_values`` masking process described above.
The use of these parameters is not common but in some cases can considerably simplify
the code required to read a table.
```

Author: Sure! I have made some changes according to the suggestions in the most recent commit(s).

> One use case is where one has a CSV file with empty values indicating missing values,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One use case is where a user has a CSV file with empty values indicating missing values,
```

> but for a string column one might desire those to empty strings "" to be not masked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but for a string column they might want those empty strings "" to not be masked.
```

> Or perhaps one has a file that uses the number -99 as the missing data indicator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or perhaps you have a file that uses the number -99 as the missing data indicator
```

> for most columns but then -99 occurs as real data in another column. These features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for most columns, but then -99 occurs as real data in another column. These features
```

allow the data to be read in with ``astropy.io.ascii`` correctly without too much effort.

Examples
^^^^^^^^
..
  EXAMPLE START

>   Using the ``fill_include_names`` and ``fill_exclude_names`` attributes for ASCII tables

Reviewer 3: these are parameters rather than attributes, please update the usage of the word in this patch.

Author: Sure, I have updated the wording from `attribute(s)` to `parameter(s)` in the wording.

>   Using the ``fill_include_names`` and ``fill_exclude_names`` parameters for ASCII tables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Using the ``fill_include_names`` and ``fill_exclude_names`` Parameters for ASCII Tables
```

> The following gives a simple example to illustrate how ``fill_include_names``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following illustrates how ``fill_include_names``
```

Author: Thanks @lglattly for the suggested edits!
